Every dream begins with anticipation. My anticipation is focussed on the exceptional oportunity which is the Yale Young Global Scholars (YYGS) program. However, when i look toward the horizon of this incredible journey, I am completely aware of all the financial barriers that could keep this dream just out of reach from me. While I fully appreciate that YYGS provides financial aid in the form of tuition discounts, I would like to address a specific concern to the costs associated with travel, obtaining a passport, securing a travel visa. As all this would costs even more than our annual family income. Some says that all you need is to have skills and hardwork with you but in my belief financial conditions become hindrance towards the path of your goal as since my childhood I faced my situations where evenafter having so much skills I kept behind the person having strong financial condition. I always try to learn new things but due to my family's miserable conditions I always supressed my desires. It is here, in the midst of this uncertainity, that I come to you, humbly sharing not just my story but my heart's deepest longing. I always try to prove myself, to make my parents proud, and to contribute to my community. However I can only do this, with the financial aid suppport that is offered by your side.  
I am sharing these thoughts not to get sympathy but to get free from the constraints that have held me back. Its not just an opportunity, it is a lifeline to the fulfillment of a dream. As my family have so much of burden like we are under debt and we have to pay a huge amount of loan amounts in the upcoming weeks. Other than that, there are so many expenses like my school fees, stationeries, groceries, and many other valuables. That is the reason why my family won't be able to afford the expenses of my travel. I hope that your support will not be in vain and it will be able to transform my dreams into a reality. I pray to god that this time my financial conditions won't be the hindrance towards my goal and YYGS will not judge my skills and capabilities through my financial conditions.